 About Us.
Tiqwa Care Hospital has been serving Lagos and its environment since 2022. We were founded with patient care in mind, and are committed to treating all patients in need. Our highly skilled medical professionals take great pride in providing our community with quality care that’s patient-centered. 

​

The original hospital is still in operation in the heart of Yaba at 9, Ibikunle Street, off Herbert Macauley way, Yaba Lagos State. As this hospital steadily grew, Tiqwa Care Hospital expanded with the addition of a new purpose-built hospital facility launched in December 2020 at 13A, AJ Marinho Drive, 3rd Floor, Octagon Building, Victoria Island Annex, Lagos State, improving the convenience of obtaining medical help for more Lagosians and enhancing the level of services offered.

​

The new branch of Tiqwa Care Hospital boasts iconic and contemporary design combined with functionality. Our committed team of specialists are here to provide every aspect of investigations you need and to deliver your care in all fields of General Medicine, General Surgery, Trauma and Orthopaedics, Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Paediatrics, Emergency Medicine, Dermatology, Cardiology, Physical Therapy, ENT (Ear, Nose and Throat) Surgery, Psychiatry and General Wellness.


OUR MISSION
We promise to put your needs first and foremost during your treatment and will pursue every available means to get you better. Every professional of our dedicated team will contribute towards delivering the best outcomes and highest quality of service. You can count on us to keep you and your loved ones safe and healthy.


OUR ACHIEVEMENTS
In recognition of our efforts to constantly improve our standards, Tiqwa Care Hospital was voted by public as a Winner of Safe and Clean Private Hospital in Nigeria. This prestigious reward was presented at the 4th Nigerian Risk Award Summit in 2019.



OUR HISTORY
Two visionary doctors who believed in providing safe and effective patient-centered care founded Ave Maria Hospital Ltd on November 10, 1995. Dr Valeri Goriainov and his wife, Dr (Mrs) Nadejda Goriainova, conceived Ave Maria Hospital out of their passion for welfare of humankind. 



Dr & Dr (Mrs) Goriainov are of Russian descent. Forged by more than thirty years of living in Lagos, the emotional connection with Lagos galvanized a dream of contributing to the wellbeing of its diverse community. This dream comprised a medical center with overriding ethos of providing world-class excellence in medical care, patient experience, professionalism and physical environment.
